All right.
So we built we put a link here that says a parameter that would send us to a post page.
Right.
So we were able to do that great on this lecture here.
I want to take care of the categories.
It's going to be very similar to what we did with this.
And also I want to fix this.
Let's go ahead and fix that what I mean we're fixing is that we need to have this link direct us to
the home page.
So let's go ahead and do that right now is kind of bothering me there a little bit.
So navigation and this make sure that he goes to and it's right here right.
And stuff Ph be.
And we are already in his double checking the links right here at admin This would take me to the end
it's all right let's check on the hoops when he actually does it.
I'm sorry I'm putting this in the class.
It's like I do things sometimes and I don't even see it.
I just see it in my mind.
I don't know if they ever happened to you if you click on is going to take us to the end.
It's all right.
Perfect.
And that's all we hear in the navigation includes.
So that would take us to when it's perfect.
All right so the next step is let's go to the sidebar and hear what we need to put a link under.
As you as you see here this is the search and this is the blog category's diff.
And here in the link that we got to produce this category is in the right side and the sidebar.
We need to put a link right here to send to you page that we will be building.
We don't have it yet but is going to be called category that BHB and we are going to be sending something
here.
And that's something is going to be a parameter called category equals something and this something
would be the idea we're going to take out from the table right now from the column Id cat ID.
We're going to take out the value cat for the value of the category ID.
So here we're going to put in that variable right here.
So we're going to send this parameter here.
Category equals whatever category ID that is.
All right.
And then we need to catch it.
So let's go ahead and make that page right now.
Let's make it on the same place as in it actually.
So what I'm going to do is I'm going to make a save as out of.
And it's right here.
I'm going to go into save us and then call this category because it's almost the same thing that BHB.
All right.
Perfect.
So here what I want to do is I want to catch that value that we are sending in that sidebar with this
statement and this statement is going to have the function it said like we always use it.
We did get super global and we're going to be catching that category key for the array.
When we catch that when we need to convert it so that we can check against that.
Right.
So let's convert that category key right here into a post as my if you want to pause the video and you
think you know this is very similar so the polls at BHB.
All right so if you think you can do it go ahead and do and try right now positivity and try it.
It will help you.
All right.
And if you can't just hang on pause a video and I'll finish it.
So hopefully your way will to do this and you successful.
If not don't worry I got your back right now.
So post got to go see ID.
And that's it.
And then here we select everything from post where you remember where we're posts.
Remember this column right here post got it already.
That's what it is for a false category Heidi.
This is a column in the table equals what does ID that we bring in in from there you are.
All right.
That's the category right there.
And let's check to see if it works.
See we don't have any mistakes here.
All right let's check it out.
Let's go to the front page.
Let's click on Java and we've got three poses and Java ninths right.
Let's be BHB has no.
All right and we could make a page here just to let the user know that there is nothing there or redirect
them somewhere else that we bese probably an extra features.
Well right now we're not concerned with that procedure APHC we have one post sample category we don't
have any poser's their own java we have to be perfect.
So anyway hopefully you were able to learn something really Avali.
I think you have.
So this is good information for you.
Take care and let's go ahead and do the next lecture.